---
layout: assignment
title: Interviews & Observations
abbreviation: P2
type: group
due_date: 2020-01-29
points: 10
draft: 0
---


## Instructions
For this assignment your team will begin to outline the scope of your project by completing the following:

### 1. Describe your target user population
Write a paragraph describing your target users, including age range, background, occupation, computer experience, etc. It may be the case that your actual user population is broader or narrower than your target user population. This is okay, but you should still have a target population in mind to constrain your design. You may also find that you have multiple classes of users (e.g. behavior-trackers, supportive friends, data analysts). If so, identify each class.

### 2. Talk to and observe at least four representative users
Note: These should be people who are not students enrolled in this class. Every member of your project team should participate in at least one session. If at all possible, try to observe users within settings that they would use your design. These observations should have the following steps:

1. Introduce your problem statement to users. Tell them that you are taking a class in Human-Computer Interaction in which you have to work on an interface design that addresses this problem.
2. Make sure to tell them that you are not testing them or judging them. You are only interested in how ordinary people deal with your problem area.
3. Ask them to perform a task related to your problem statement. For example, you might have someone use a competitor's app or service. Try to avoid asking people questions while they are engaged in the activity. Save your questions for afterwards. You can, however, ask/remind people to talk aloud while they are performing the task to gain insight into their thought process.
4. As they are performing the task, you should be taking notes! Focus on the following aspects of their task:
  * Note anything that seemed particularly difficult or inefficient (pain points)
  * Note things that seemed to be particularly enjoyable or fun for the user
  * Note anything that was confusing or caused the user to hesitate
  * Note mistakes or false assumption that the user made
  * Note any time the user says something like, "I'm not good with technology" or "I never understand these things" or "I must be stupid"
  * Note anything else that was surprising or unexpected.
5. Ask them to reflect on the task that they just performed. Here you should refer back to your notes and ask them to explain their experience in greater detail. Focus on the things that were surprising to you or seemed difficult for the user. 
6. Ask them about other things that might inform your design. Have they successfully changed their behavior in they ways that they want to? If not, why not? What obstacles haven't been addressed by existing tools? What constraints of daily life do they face that might shape their user experience?
7. Write up your report. This should include the following for each representative user:
  * Tell us who you talked to (age, gender, occupation, life details) and why they were good representative users for your project. Don't use people's real names.
  * Tell us what task you observed them doing.
  * Write up your interview and observation notes in a way that other people in your team will find helpful
  * Tell us what you learned about your problem area. What are the user needs? What was surprising or unexpected? Are there pain points that you should be thinking about for your design? What obstacles are preventing this user from changing their behavior? What opportunities for innovation did you uncover?

### 3. Re-state your project idea based on what you learned
Write a 2-3 sentence summary of your project idea. You should clearly state the goal of your project. You should also clearly state the obstacles that your users encounter in trying to pursue this goal (based on what you learned from interviews and observations). Your project idea should NOT mention how you plan to solve the problem.

## Submission Checklist
Submit your report in PDF format. Make sure your team name, team members, and section are at the top of your submission.
