---
layout: assignment-two-column
title: Prototyping Round 3
abbreviation: P7
type: group
due_date: 2020-03-04
points: 5
draft: 0
---

## Instructions
The instructions for this assignment are almost identical to [those in P6](p6), except that you should now have implemented at least three components to support at least three tasks (depending on the size of your group). Check with your TA if you have less than 3 team members or more than 4 team members.

Please revisit the list of <a href="components" class="pj">components <i class="fas fa-link"></i></a> to ensure that you are fulfilling the requirements of the class.

## What to Hand In
Submit a document to Canvas that includes the following:

1. **Task**<br> A brief description of the task scenario you chose to implement for P6.
2. **Component**<br> A brief description of the component you chose to implement for P6.
3. **Link**<br>A link to your team's **project_6** branch. 
4. **Platform**<br>The platform we should use to view your prototype (Chrome, Safari, Firefox, etc.)
5. **Design Summary**<br>Write one paragraph about how your prototype for this task scenario and component applies Norman's user interface design principles, and one paragraph about how your prototype applies the graphic design principles covered in class (you should have exactly two paragraphs, no more, no less). You do not have to mention all of the principles, just tell us how you were thinking about and applying some these principles as you were working on your prototype.
6. **Observations**<br>A written description of the usability problems you discovered from testing in studio last week. Use screenshots of your computer prototype to illustrate your observations.
7. **Resolutions**<br>What did you learn about the parts of your interface from this prototype (from testing last week)? Propose design solutions for the usability problems you found.

## Rubric

{:.checkbox-list}
* Task, Component, and Link **(0.5 point)**
   * Describes the representative task and component implemented
   * Includes a functioning link to the prototype.
* Graphic Design **(1 point)**
   * Does this prototype follow the graphic design principles covered in class?
* Usability **(1 point)**
   * Does this prototype follow the usability design principles covered in class?
* Component **(1 point)**
   * Does this prototype follow the minimum requirements for the component that was implemented for this assignment?
* Design Summary **(0.5 point)**
   * Quality of the discussion on how the prototype incorporates the user interface and graphic design principles
* Observations & Resolutions **(1 point)**
   * Quality of the observations about usability problems that came up during user testing
   * Quality of lessons learned, and proposed solutions