---
layout: assignment-two-column
title: Final Prototype & Presentation
abbreviation: P8
type: group
due_date: 2020-03-13
points: 30
draft: 1
---


## Instructions
This assignment consists of two parts. First, your group will give a final presentation during your last studio meeting either March 12th or March 13th. Second, your group will submit your final computer prototype by midnight on March 13th. Details about what to prepare and submit for each part of the final assignment are below.

## Final Presentation in Studio
During the last studio meeting, each of the teams will give a final presentation. You should use slides (PowerPoint or equivalent) for this presentation; these will be submitted as part of your P8 submission in Canvas. The presentation should be 7 minutes long and should include the following sections:

1. Introduction and problem statement
2. Overview of related work (what other systems have tackled this problem?)
3. Findings from needfinding interviews and observations
4. Overview of representative tasks and project components
5. Findings from testing your prototypes (paper and computer)
6. Demo of your final computer prototype

This presentation is an opportunity to explain the reasoning behind the design decisions that lead to your final prototype, and also to show off your final version to your TA and peers. Please **make sure to practice your presentation** so that it's within the 7-minute time limit. 

**Each team member should speak during the presentation!** You may want to have one team member describe the problem statement and related work, another describe the tasks, features, and components, another describe the lessons learned from prototyping and testing, and another do a demo of the final prototype.
 

## Final Computer Prototype
Create a branch in your team's repository called "project_9" and push all the code you want your peer mentor to assess for the final submission to this branch. This computer prototype should:

1. Include final implementations to support all of your task scenarios.
2. Include final implementations to support all of your project components. Each component must meet the minimum requirements described in the Project Components Document (Links to an external site.).
3. Incorporate the feedback you received through your user tests with your peers in studio. The resolutions your proposed in P6 and P7 should be implemented in the final computer prototype.
4. Incorporate the feedback you received from your TA for P5-P7. If your TA highlighted a problem with usability or graphic design in one of your early prototypes, this should be resolved in the final prototype.

The TAs will grade the final computer prototypes using the same criteria as P5-P7. They will ensure that you followed the guidelines for good graphic design and good usability, and that you met the minimum requirements for each of the project components. To help the TAs recognize the changes you made for the final prototype, you will submit a short document that outlines your changes.

## What to Turn In
Your team will turn in a PDF version of your final presentation slides. You will also submit a second PDF document that contains the following sections:

1. **Tasks**<br>A brief description of the set of representative tasks supported by your final computer prototype.
2. **Components**<br>A brief description of the three project components included in your final computer prototype.
3. **Link**<br>A link to your team's repo (which should have a project_9 branch).
4. **Platform**<br>The platform we should use to view your prototype (for example, Chrome on Windows)
5. **Modifications**<br>A written description (bulleted list is fine) of the changes that you made to your prototype between P7 and P8. This list will help the TAs understand what decisions you made to address the feedback that you received from both them and user testing. We recommend that you include a short justification of each modification, for example: "Our TA noticed that we weren't being consistent in our font choices across pages. We changed our prototype to use the same sans-serif font for all titles."