---
layout: assignment
title: Project Proposal
type: group
due_date: Jan 15 @ 11:59PM
ordering: 1 
points: 5
filename: assets/images/purple.jpg
---

TODO: This needs a lot of work. 

## Proposal

**Problem & Motivation**: In one paragraph, describe the problem that your project would tackle, and the motivation for why that problem is important and interesting. This paragraph should discuss the current state of the world (the problem), as well as how and why the world would be better if people changed their behavior (the goal). You should convince the reader that this is a difficult and interesting problem, worth spending a quarter considering. 

**Analysis**: In another paragraph, analyze the problem to give the reader more background and context. This paragraph should discuss why it's hard for people to change their behavior to reach the goals outlined in the previous paragraph (the obstacles). It can also include positive aspects of the current state of the world that are helping people address this problem. Include at least two examples of existing systems or practices that that are either helping or not helping to address your stated problem, and make an argument for why this problem is not yet solved and requires additional design work.

## Guidelines

### 1. Ensure your report is appropriately clear and easy to read:
* text should be clear and concise
* use section headings as appropriate
* include images in the body of the write-up with appropriate figure numbers and captions
* refer to the figures in the body of your text
* check for typos, spelling, and grammar errors

### 2. Be sure your presentation looks good:
* choose appropriate colors, fonts, and styles
* make liberal use of whitespace

#### Examples
Below are links to three previous project proposals which you can look at as examples. These are taken from an HCI course at the University of Washington, where the project theme was "behavior tracking". Please note that our guidelines for what to include in the two paragraphs are different from the UW course (with a focus on goals and obstacles) so make sure to read this assignment carefully rather than just going off these examples:

* Example 1 (Links to an external site.)
* Example 2 (Links to an external site.)
* Example 3 (Links to an external site.)

## What to Submit 
* Make sure your name and section are at the top of your submission.
* Your submission should include no more than one page of text in PDF format. 
* Images do not count against your page limit, and are therefore effectively free. You should embed images throughout your PDF, keeping them near the text that references them. The limit applies to the approximate amount of text you would have if all images were removed.